Add example run OTNS with OT-BR and Matter accessories. (#784)
openthread/ot-ns: examples/otbr-and-matter/README.md

> # OTNS + Matter + OT-BR Docker Environment

Reviewer: @Vyrastas , can you help review this README?

This Docker image provides a complete development environment for simulating
Thread networks with OTNS, including Matter device support and an OpenThread
Border Router.

## What's included

- **OTNS** — OpenThread Network Simulator with web UI
- **OT-BR-POSIX** — OpenThread Border Router (with border routing, SRP server, NAT64)
- **Matter all-clusters-app** — A virtual Matter accessory that runs over Thread (via OTNS)
- **ot-rfsim node binaries** — FTD, MTD, BR, RCP, and Matter node types for OTNS

## Prerequisites

- Docker (Docker Desktop on macOS, or Docker Engine on Linux)

## Build (optional)

```bash
./run-docker.sh build
```

Or manually:

```bash
docker build -t otns-matter .
```

> The build takes a long time (compiling OpenThread, Matter, OT-BR from source).

Reviewer 2: "Long time" is vague, can you provide a rough estimate of what to expect?

Also, you can drop the parentheses and do something like 

"Because the build compiles OpenThread, Matter, and OT-BR from source, it may take up to X minutes."

Reviewer 3: Data point: In my case it was ~31 minutes (on a fast network, fast laptop)

## Run

> If you haven't built the image in the previous step, it will pull the image from Docker Hub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you didn't build the image in the previous step, running will pull the image from Docker Hub.
```

```bash
./run-docker.sh run
```

## Using OTNS inside the container

> The entrypoint auto-detects the backbone interface and prints the recommended

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The entry point auto-detects the backbone interface and prints the recommended
```

command. Typically:

```bash
otns -realtime -listen 0.0.0.0:9000 -otbr-backbone-if eth0
```

> Or just type `otns` — the entrypoint sets up an alias with the right flags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or just type `otns` — the entry point sets up an alias with the correct flags.
```

Once OTNS is running, open `http://localhost:8997/visualize?addr=localhost:8998` in your browser to access
the OTNS web UI.

### Spawning nodes in OTNS

In the OTNS web UI or CLI, you can add:

- **FTD nodes** — regular Thread Full Thread Devices
- **OTBR nodes** — Thread Border Routers (with border routing and SRP server)

> - **Matter nodes** — Matter all-clusters-app devices running over Thread

Reviewer 2: Can you use code font for instances of all-clusters-app?

The OTBR node will automatically:
- Advertise an OMR prefix in Thread network data
- Run an SRP server and advertise it in Thread network data

> (Requires `-otbr-backbone-if` to be set to a valid interface.)

Reviewer 2: You can remove the parentheses and just have a normal sentence here

This requires `-otbr-backbone-if` to be set...

## Commissioning a Matter device from outside the container

If you run the container on a Linux machine or VM with `--network host`, you
can commission a simulated Matter device from outside the container using

> chip-tool.

Reviewer 2: Please use code font when referring to chip-tool throughout the doc

### 1. Install avahi (for observation and debugging)

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y avahi-utils
```

Useful commands:

```bash
avahi-browse -rt _meshcop._udp      # Browse Thread Border Routers
avahi-browse -rt _matterc._udp      # Browse Matter commissionable devices
```

### 2. Install chip-tool

> The chip-tool is used to commission and control Matter accessories. You can either install it from snap or build it from source.

Reviewer 2: When referring to a binary / command, use code font, so `snap` should be in code font

#### Installing it from snap

```bash
sudo snap install chip-tool
```

#### Building from sources

```bash
# Install build dependencies
sudo apt-get install -y libglib2.0-dev-bin libglib2.0-dev libgirepository1.0-dev libevent-dev

git clone https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip.git
cd connectedhomeip
scripts/checkout_submodules.py --shallow --platform linux
source scripts/activate.sh
./scripts/build/build_examples.py --target linux-x64-chip-tool build
```

The binary will be at `out/linux-x64-chip-tool/chip-tool`.
For arm64 hosts, replace `x64` with `arm64`.

> ### 3. Commission and control a Matter lightbulb

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 3. Commission and control a Matter light bulb
```

#### Setup in OTNS

1. Start OTNS inside the container:
   ```
   otns -realtime -listen 0.0.0.0:9000 -otbr-backbone-if eth0
   ```
2. Add a Matter node first: click on "matter" or type `add matter` in the OTNS CLI
3. Add an OTBR node: click on "otbr" or type `add otbr` in the OTNS CLI
4. Add as many other nodes as you want: click on "router" or type `add router`
   in the OTNS CLI
5. Monitor the announced services from the Linux VM (outside the container) using `avahi-browse -a`.

>    Wait until a `_matterc._udp` service shows up, meaning that the Matter node has registered its SRP service on the OTBR node. Once that is donem you can start pairing and controlling the accessory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Wait until a `_matterc._udp` service shows up, meaning that the Matter node has registered its SRP service on the OTBR node. Once that is done you can start pairing and controlling the accessory.
```

Please also adjust the line breaks here for readability

**Important:** Always add the Matter node before the OTBR node. Add nodes one
at a time and wait for each to fully join before adding the next. All Matter
nodes currently use the same default pairing code, so adding multiple
simultaneously will cause conflicts. Use a different node ID for each Matter
node you commission.

#### Pair the lightbulb

From the Linux host (outside the container), pair using the QR code payload:

```bash
chip-tool pairing onnetwork 1234 20202021
```

The `1234` is the node ID you assign to this device — use a different ID for each
Matter node you commission (e.g., 1234, 1235, 1, 2...).

#### Control the lightbulb

```bash
# Turn on
./chip-tool onoff on 1234 1

# Turn off
./chip-tool onoff off 1234 1

# Read current on/off state
./chip-tool onoff read on-off 1234 1
```

> The `1234` is the node ID (assigned during pairing), it must be different for every matter node. The `1` is the endpoint ID. It is always `1` for every node.

Reviewer 2: Adjust line breaks for readability please
